have you met an experien here that has
gotten an implant I didn't believe these
stories at all about these implants and
them B tracking until I rote the pat
that tells you how they do it so it's
almost like we're walking hard drives or
something I knew the address because it
was the address of Chris bledo I knew
the napkin because it was the
presidential seal on a napkin from Camp
David and the picture was mailed to him
by Tim Taylor by Tim Taylor and the only
person that story can have been told to
in that envelope was Barack
Obama oh my
God we are here with the great Bob
Maguire very honored to have you your
name keeps coming up I think you know we
are kind of in a lot of the same circles
we're very involved in kind of U Twitter
but uh you know UFO Twitter can be a
very Murphy place yes and uh I think
you're uh you have a lot you kind of
Rise Above the Rest as far as really
impressive credentials and thorough
investigation into UFO propulsion and
theories about you know where they exist
how they exist and I think you have the
background to kind of uh back all this
up you you really have an amazing
history for a couple of decades you
worked at various fre letter agencies
inside the government and then you
started hot guy 360 Federated Wireless
and so couldn't be more honored to have
you especially amidst this amazing new
backdrop we have a new set for American
Alchemy and our co-host recurring
co-host Jack uh who's here who uh is is
also very excited to talk to you and
again can always speak at higher levels
than me when it comes to kind of
heterodox physics framework so honored
to have you both we're glad to have the
great Science Bob oh my goodness uh to
please tell us to my girlfriend so
she'll so you'll think I'm not lying to
her well let's let's get this to
millions of views you can brag to her
it's good yeah so uh Jesse it's a great
I I followed you and listened to you and
I love your podcast and it's an honor to
be on it oh man well it's an honor to
have you really appreciate it and uh
there's so many kind of jumping off
points and like places to start but why
don't we just get into what we were
talking about offset a second ago you
were saying you think you have a
connection I just had Matthew Pines on
who's an incredible is an un Matthew
Pines is that person who has a mere
perfect photographic memory who decided
not to do physics and I'm ready to turn
him over my knee and spank him for not
doing
physics because the guy is the real deal
he
commanded the entire field talk to you
about detail stuff that excited me
excited my
imagination and he did it without
looking at a single note for hours yeah
it was extremely impressive it's very
impressive it was one of the few times
especially when he was getting into
branchial and Ral space where I felt
like I could barely track or barely keep
up with what he was saying hypersurface
foliations of branchi space that are
computition bounded relative to the
underlying structure and so they have to
do this massive equivalencing and then
they perceive they have a linear threat
of History so they believe that they're
continuous and I was like trying to you
know ask decent questions but it it was
definitely tough hearing that for the
first time okay so there's there's an
issue law everybody understands the
issue in physics now is we have Quantum
field Theory which is terrific and doing
what it can do yep and we have general
relativity which is terrific at what it
can do every test of general relativity
that science has been able to cook up it
continues to perform perfectly every
test it passes because one failure and
we have to redo the physics Quantum teal
theory is the same it's whoops we're
we're blessed with all sorts of
electronics and gadgets and other things
in our life now that would not have been
possible without the quantum revolution
in the 20th century and the man kind of
at the heart of all of it is Albert
Einstein so Einstein did a differential
equation that equates the material in
the universe to how it curves the
universe around it David Hilbert did it
a different way the big development in
the 19th century uh
was one one of the big develops was
Laren mechanics so you take a thing
called the action and physics body
always follow the principle of least
action they take the path of least
action to do something and Hilbert
formulated the problem of gravity is a
principle of least action and got to the
answer by a different path than onstein
do you think that principles of leased
action or font's principle where you
know light seems to you know uh almost
follow uh an optimal path uh between two
points that that points to some sort of
inform information theoretic
underpinning to physics where the whole
thing is sort of optimized in this kind
of computational way so I think through
we We Now understand that all this
matter and energy around us is governed
by quantum mechanics and in the the
description of it is in Quantum field
Theory so Quantum information theory is
now kind of all over the place ersing
and growing hugely and eventually we're
going to find what John Archer ball
wheeler said to me and many others you
you met him I'll tell you that story in
a minute oh I want to hear that that's
amazing you you're not going to believe
how lucky I was okay so he said it from
bit and what he meant was that which
constitutes the universe all around us
are
actually bits of information that Des
that describes their configuration and
the state they're in so that's what it
from bit went yeah but I I never
understand that on a lower level like he
he'll be like the collapse of the wave
function breaks down into like a bunch
of yes no questions and so you get it
from bid or whatever y what does that
exactly mean like because I think about
you know yeah it does feel like you know
whatever igen state gets chosen is like
you know an onoff switch or something
but like how is it a series of yes no
questions that gets to wave function
collaps uh okay so well people don't
really don't really yet have a real
great theory for the wave wave fun there
are some there's some guesses there's
some theories that to me have not yet
been proven I have a theory okay well
that's good it's always good to have a
theory because that that describes a
theory should allow you to describe an
experiment that will falsify what you've
what you're describing so uh the but but
some kind of interaction with or
observation of a Quantum State collapses
the wave function and all that mean
means is you take all this possible
States and you collapse all these
possible states which is a huge amount
of information to
one pick one state out of all the
possibilities and do in this observation
collapses to that one state you can't
predict ahead of time what that state
will be You can predict it
probabilistically so far as we know and
that's the only way this an evolution
perspective that right what's that the
aian hypothesis for the reduction of the
of the wave function there's some
hypothesis I'm not is I'm not convinced
observer effect collapsing the wave
function uh which is is heavily
referenced by a lot of these simulation
Theory universes so in line with riz's
I'm not I'm not convinced that any of
them are exactly right so ever was our
Wheeler's student yes and ever did the
Multiverse yeah and that seems to be
growing in popularity which gets rid of
the wave collapse problem yeah well in
this in Everett's case you would say
wave function collapse never actually
occurs and you just get univers univers
is branching off and so that that's
apparently it's perfectly good
mathematically to me I don't know how
we'll ever test the hypothesis that the
universe is a Multiverse but apparently
others think we can and I'm hoping an
experiment will be constructed that will
say allow us to say the only possible
way we could have gotten this
experimental result is if there was a a
another universe that branched off ours
and is still impacting it through the
some mechanism it's the mechanism that
we will have to find and test and sainaa
hosen Felder has recently argued that
you can't test it that it's an
untestable hypothesis and sort of
therefore a non- scientic hypothesis s
is a
hypocritical fantastic scientist
who has had to give up on her academic
career CUA she's angered too many people
I which is I hate cuz I she's very very
capable yeah extremely capable
theoretical physicist but she doesn't
suffer fools gladly how how did you meet
John Wheeler Ah that's interesting so I
lived in New Jersey for a period of time
worked for an entity that worked for the
intelligence community and my wife wife
was a nurse at a retire in a retirement
community and so she came home one day
she says we have a new uh resident in
the retirement community and she says
it's the same name on a bunch of your
books and I went John Wheeler and she
pointed to I says John Wheeler and she
said yes I said well take my books out
there and see if you can get him to
autograph him and ask him if I can come
and visit him so he autographed my books
and invited me to come over so I went
over and had tea with him uh and met his
wife and he had a house on there a
retirement village where you were
guaranteed to be there all the way
through your final hospitalization it
was that kind of retirement village and
he had a place and I went over and
visited him and became a regular visitor
and we no way regular what were what
were those interactions like do you yeah
look I would ask questions he would ask
me questions we would he would tell he
he explained to me the parts of his big
thick gravitation book that I couldn't
understand even though I had a lot of
differential geometry yeah and that was
that was interesting but I occasionally
just was his chauffer I would take him
up to the institute for advanced studies
Coral Princeton University so he could
hear her talk and hear those talks and
it was just amazing can you imagine it
it was just amazing sitting in the back
of the room watching these people cow
out to Wheeler but the other thing was
where I worked a member of The Advisory
board for that place that I worked
Freeman Dyson was on it so I got to
intera and I went to church with him on
can you say can you say where he work
yeah it was the institute for defense
analysis okay yeah and Freeman Dyson was
involved in that yeah he was one of the
scientific Advisory board members can
you say what you did yeah I worked on
Communications problems for the United
States government because it was the
institute for defense analysis Center
for communications research wow well so
I as you know I you know used to work
with a guy named Eric Weinstein yes he's
become convinced that there's like a
lineage of secret science in the United
States and he would have wheeler would
be at the center of it it would be like
John Wheeler Freeman Dyson Bryce dwit
Hugh Everett these names would be
involved in such a program uh do you
believe that uh there are elements of
science that are not open source and
that have been classified by the US
government we we not not only do I
believe it I know the mechanism because
the atomic energy act has the ability so
long as you brush up next to it at all
of classifying new physics from birth if
it's viewed as touching those fields so
one example of that would be and we're
going to get into UFOs and how you got
into that but the special definition of
nuclear material on the atomic energy
you read the
definition of special nuclear material
in the public atomic energy act in 1954
it basically States any material that
releases any kind of atomic energy that
would be retrieved crash material so
it's kind of a sneaky way no it is if
you actually read the atomic energy act
if something is not a nuke but it has
radiological energy coming off it you
know Alpha Beta Decay whatever same
secrecy same secrecy so it is in my
opinion given oppenheimer's status up
until he lost his clearance it is
impossible given what we know now that
he did not know what was going on
because of the
initial makeup of the people dealing
with the UFO problem at the at the top
National Security level especially after
the 1952 fly over Washington for Truman
lost his lost his lunch over it I mean
he really went nuts
and and is that true because I've heard
uh there's a there's an aviation
journalist named Curtis Peebles who said
that uh Truman was on the phone with
Andrew J Rupel who ran Blue Book at the
time because Truman was so freaked out
about the Washington flyover is that is
that right in your opinion in my opinion
it is completely true people have told
me that I have not seen evidence of that
the Joint Chiefs of Staff uh talk to you
or concern you about the unknown and the
unidentified flying oh yes we discussed
it at every conference that we had with
the military and they never had been
never were able to make me a concrete
report on do you have anything on the
subject sir no I hav I haven't anything
on the subject there's always things
like that going on they flying saucers
and they had other things but anyway I
always thought it was probably pretty
good because Peebles was a UFO skeptic
but he still thought that Truman freaked
out about the UFO fly he did and and and
I believe that Oppenheimer and other
people in the Manhattan Project were the
original secret keepers and the natural
people to call to look into to one if
one crash well if you believe David
grush then they literally set up the
secrecy I mean he I do too he's on
record with me saying you know we were
like if you could meet anybody in
history who would you meet and he goes I
would probably ask sarbacher
Oppenheimer and be like what was your
thought process in the 40s and
50s you know squirreling this away I
mean besides overlaying the Manhattan
project secrecy cuz offenheim was the
one who created the classification that
included the UFO stuff oh all those guys
and it was one of the most interesting
parts of your interview with him because
I totally agree with and I'm on record
on Twitter Facebook and other places
saying people keep pointing a finger at
the CIA and they're not looking at where
the secrets have to be kept I kept
poting the doe I kept asking about why
people weren't Looking At Doe I kept
asking why people weren't looking at the
battel Institute and a friend of mine
who is a deep researcher in all this she
was also jumping up and down about Batel
and that's Linda Thompson who's who's a
premier researcher in the UAP area yeah
well speaking of the doe you know they
funded the human G Genome Project yes so
do you think that connects at all if
they if they somehow have a greater
ontological truth around you know that
we're not alone that aliens exist was
asked by uh iarpa to take a look at you
want to just tell the audience whatp is
IP is the the intelligence Community
Advanced research project agency so uh
it's was formed it was put together
after dni came into being to be the
equivalent of DARPA for the intelligence
community and the current deputy
director dni Stacy Dixon was the
director when I was asked could I take a
look at using CRA crisper cast 9
encoding information into
DNA wow yeah so I decided not to put
together a proposal I was too busy with
other things and doing some work I can't
even discuss for them but they asked you
about putting oh yeah some some people
in my in our in my team at at at Hume
Center at verginia te did put in a
proposal and I think worked on what year
was this it would have been
2013 or 14 wow these kind of Novel data
storage techniques are all over
different media right DNA for instance
crystal is tipid things we're talking
about this on the way over here the the
notion of encoding uh DNA with
information I mean how many layers can
you go down into that him particularly
with Christopher cast N9 there there is
tons tons of space terabytes of data you
can put on DNA that we don't know what
it's used for so it's in the quote you
can use the quote junk DNA to s store
all kinds well that that it's that's
just fascinating yeah you can store
semantic information on DNA it just
takes a while to retrieve because it
needs to be stored very cold you got to
read it all you you'd have to figure out
the RNA to read it off but when I was
talking to Lou Alando I said if you were
an alien race and maybe you in the
instance of getting wiped out wanted to
save some Monument or you know some
really important you know uh Time
Capsule for a future civilization that
might you know encounter you uh what
what would you do and I was suggesting
all sorts of things I was like would you
put an object in a l Gran point that
like you know is sort of you know just
hovering you know right next to the
Earth you know there are all sorts of
things you could you could come up with
build a pyramid whatever and he said
something really interesting if you were
going to make something truly enduring
truly enduring there's really only two
ways to do it you either put something
out and deep space where the chances are
of it coming into contact with something
or minimal or biology genetics because
genetics is a fingerprint and that will
continue as long as a species survives
and finds other places to live so with
that message and you can put a lot and
the beauty about DNA is that it
self-replicates yeah so that message in
essence if you code it right could be
there so what's as long as the species
survives and I was that freaked me out I
was like
well if if I were a betting
man I would bet that the intelligence
Community has figured out how
to uh use Christopher cast 9 to
transport intelligence that's been
gathered in the person of a uh
intelligence officer already whether
they do it or not I don't have any idea
but I am convinced that it is possible
whoa wait so you're saying the person is
a storage mechanism and can walk right
through any security system undetected
as carrying all that information in
their person do you think it would be
local or systemic like could it be a
fingernail could it be a hair I don't
know I I am insufficiently familiar with
the technology to know how how much you
could localize it but you can store the
information to
tremendous amounts in the DNA of a human
W such a fascinating so it's almost like
we're walking hard drives or what what
would be the Practical use of that like
do you have any examples so I wanted to
get out all the schematics for and
construction documents for every
classified projects that's being done by
Russia or China I could encode all of it
probably on one or two humans and walk
it
out whoa that is true that's what I
think is possible I don't know that it's
being done but I think it's possible
techn remotely sense that no like C no
you'd have in other words it's like the
human is a one-time pad yeah then you
have to know the human's carrying it
before you even know to read it yeah
it's like the equivalent on something
wild something the moral equivalent of a
one-time pad how'd you get any
UFOs okay so uh I had some interesting
experiences growing up they're kind of
inexplicable and I I woke up one day
when I was very
young before I went to school walked
into where my mother and her friend were
visiting with each other and uh they
were drinking coffee and I went over to
a bookcase pulled a book out opened it
up and started reading it to them and I
had never spent a day in school cuz I
was 3 years
old and so it was just wild and so and I
didn't really remember it until my
mother and her best friend later
reminded me of it I didn't remember but
my mother because I just knew I always
could read and my mother and her friend
told me the story repeatedly so it it
became kind of Apocrypha if you will you
think maybe it was uh it was primordial
knowledge or something I have no idea
yeah I'm not going to guess the gods or
the aliens or whatever gave me a
knowledge and so that kind of went on
until I was 10 years old
and I bed when I was 10 years old I
built a Built My Own telescope from
Parts I became an amateur radio operator
and built my own equipment I memorized
Gray's Anatomy from cover to cover knew
the functions told me you were tested I
was tested by a doctor who who didn't
believe me and he went to came to a
Thanksgiving dinner at my parents home
and told me they said told me to stand
on the The Hearth of the fireplace and
be be grilled by this doctor and he
couldn't stop me so he knew I knew gra
Anatomy covered and cover do you have
like a perfect tic memory I did so it's
gotten worse with age uhhuh uh but it's
still good it's still very very good but
it's not perfect uhhuh uh but so and
everyone thought I was going to be a
doctor that was just the going in
Assumption so went off to college with
my girlfriend from high school we went
the same place that was how I chose
where to go is where she was going uh
and so I picked her up the first month
and the school I picked her up on a
Friday to drive us home for the weekend
and it was 2 and a half hour drive and
about 2 and 1 half hours into it
suddenly we found oursel in the middle
of
nowhere didn't know where we were didn't
know how we got there and eventually
looking at our watch we figured out that
somehow we had been asleep for an hour
and a half so this was a classic example
of missing time I had no idea what to
call it I had no idea what happened I
just knew her mother was going to be
upset so I quickly got her home and
apologized to her mother saying we were
talking so much I I took a wrong turn
and but we're here now and I apologize
have you gotten a hypnotic regression
this even I have I have but not the kind
you're talking about I want one
interesting so what but a month later I
left that college stopped wanting to be
a doctor I became a mathematician and an
engineer and went to a technical school
and that tanged my whole life whatever
that experience wasse wow it's just I I
don't I can't explain it I don't have a
reason for it I'm just telling you the
outcome cuz I don't know what actually
happened during that time to the extent
you can talk about it what what was your
government experience uh I did work for
NSA and the CIA and nro etc for
depending on what was needed for for all
nearly 30 years mainly math and
engineering math math and engineering
and
occasionally lots of computer science
and embedded programming to do things
they needed doing but it was always I
had developed something that they needed
and the need would rise and they would
ask me to implement it and put it in the
field did you ever run into UFO stuff
there no and I'm sorry I'm sorry later
when I decided to leave that doing that
work every day and become a
member a member a founding member of the
Hume Center for National Security and
Technology at Virginia
Tech rumors G began to run around and I
was still well connected all through the
community and people told me about this
UFO stuff being floated around and I saw
some of it pictures some that have not
come out in the open and really yeah
some that have not been shown then some
of them are like wild really yeah and I
don't want to get anybody trouble so I
don't tell any details other than
they're they're there the one is a
massive triangle above the water I mean
this thing is huge and so so
uh can we get in touch with the person
with the photo and try it I don't know
that we can do you did you ever
interface with the office of scientific
intelligence or or with um the office of
global access a director of The Office
of global access was a member of The
Advisory board for the hym center and
later has done Consulting with and advis
Hawkeye 360 which is a company I founded
wow that's amazing she's she's quite
bright I mean Hawkeye let me give you
one example yeah Hawkeyes has on its
Advisory Board Tish long which was the
first female head of a threel agency she
was a director of the NGA wow as
Hawkeye's big contracts are with nro and
NGA can you explain what Hawkeye 360
does yeah so uh
Hawkeye is a
geospatial sensor what do I mean by that
one of the inputs to Geo spatial
intelligence is somebody is transmitting
a signal on the ground where is it after
after you figure out where it is can you
tell us about it so Hawkeye developed
satellite
sensors uh and got them Lost first on
SpaceX and now on Rocket Labs regularly
from Wallops and they orbit the earth
and using their the the received signal
and motion and time difference of
arrival or multiple sensors does some
math and using highly accurate clocks
and the position of the satellites over
the Earth and other things to derive the
location on the earth as they pass over
so the intelligence is here's a signal
it's located right there and now we can
look at the externals and say we think
it's this and that's handed off to the
intelligence Comm we don't know why they
want it because they give us a tasking
and the equipment does it automatically
now it's multi- sensory analysis so a
multisensory analysis of where are
things transmitting from on the ground
and that is a very valuable input to
intelligence can only imagine you
founded that company yes and my my name
are on the patents that make it work
that's incredible a hosted payload on
the vehicles that it goes on no it's
just software package no it's a it's we
build the satellites the whole bus the
whole bus satellite and bus and what's
in it are things we developed at Hawkeye
360 now the way I did Hawkeye 360 is I
didn't want to give up my day job and go
work at 105 hours a week so the deal we
worked out with the VCS is we got a
small percentage of stock and we helped
them develop the ideas and help them get
the patents help them defend the patent
process which we did successfully help
them hire talent that we knew from all
of our experience and from our teaching
and other things so they got young
talent and Senior Talent brought it in
and they took the company after I ended
my year and a half of Consulting so I
became a stockholder after that I never
was involved in the dayto day operations
because I didn't want to be and have you
guys ever detected UFOs f I don't know
whether we have or not but but I to as I
told you earlier I went to seu and 2022
in Huntsville the SE meeting what does
SE stand it's the society for studying
UAP phenomena scientifically and
scientific Coalition for the study of
UAP and it's uh the big the leadership
is in Hansville and other places but the
regular meetings have been the inperson
meetings have been held in hun near
Marshall Space Light Center and Etc so I
went there in 2022 and people associated
with space force from three-letter
agencies came off to me and talk to me
about applying Hawkeye abilities to just
looking for UAP signals on the ground by
then I had given up my security
clearance so I couldn't help them
directly so I pointed them to the right
people inside of Hawkeye 360 that could
help them I don't know what they did
because I'm not pretty to it how would
you guess you might detect UAP ah okay
so let's let's let's suppose that the
government knows that
uaps are using or emitting a certain
transmitted frequency and they get some
inkling that the thing is over there
somewhere it's Hawkeye will figure out
by looking for that frequency exactly
where they are like hypothetically 1.6
GHz 1.6 GHz at interesting places I am
certain has been looked at by Hawkeye
360 that's fascinating very interesting
um but I don't know it for a fact cuz
I'm not on the inside anymore sure did
you ever interface with any kind of um
centers that work on Atomic stuff or you
know I worked Sandy National Labs for in
1976 into
77 after I got done with my math initial
mathematics
degree it was fun I learned a lot but it
became quickly clear especially in the
70s if you wanted respect and to be a
leader you had to have a PhD so I left
there and went and got my PhD and
Applied Mathematics from Brown
University what was your PhD thesis uh
nonlinear filtering and uh how to solve
the nonlinear filtering problem by using
approximations and perturbation Theory
to get
nearby uh things to linear so you can
use linear but then you can perturb it
and get nonlinear looks at it so it it
allows you to figure out something about
the nonlinear Behavior it's the same
thing as hidden Markov model it's the
same thing it's the same thing except
it's dynamical systems where this might
be a rocket emitting a signal for UFO
emitting a signal and you're trying to
trackin or you're trying to Dem modulate
a signal I'll give you an example this
is a great the first application I ever
did a person that was very highly placed
at the jet propulsion Laboratories
figured out what I had done for my PhD
thesis so he asked permission if I could
be allowed to work on the computers that
we had at The Institute which were
provided to us by the intelligence
Community to work on that signal and the
S the S the signal
was the Russians and the French sent a
probe to Hal's Comet the Probe on its
way did a gravitational assist fly by a
Venus while it was near Venus it dropped
two balloon probes into the atmosphere
of Venus now the Soviets they did a
great job with that but they made an
assumption which turned out to be false
they
assumed how fast the temperature in the
atmosphere would be conducted inside to
where the thermometer was because what
it does is if it got too hot it figured
it was getting too low so would increase
the helium in the balloon to lift it up
so the the PES did this in the
atmosphere until the batteries ran out
but the first entry it went too deep and
the temperature got really high and the
winds were really rough and so the
signal was distorted by dopper and other
things but even even though tracking a
signal is a nonlinear process people
have linear capabilities my process does
non of things so I coded it up on the
supercomputer we demodulated the signal
and they got Transmissions back from
Venus uh for for that showed us the data
so we knew we had gotten it right and
the we we we
literally took a piece of paper and
wrote down these zeros and ones on a p
type type it on on on a piece of paper
flew it out to the jet propulsion
laborat stories they took the paper from
us walked it into another room and gave
it to the Soviet
scientists
W and because it was interesting data
from Venus and how do I know it was
interesting well a few years later I was
called and told to come down to the
chief scientist's office at NSA and I
went down there and they told it was
about tech transfer this is during to
Clinton era when technology transfer was
was mandated by executive order uh if it
was no longer critical to the nation's
security to keep it secret so this
technique I'm telling you about was a
thing they wanted me to come and talk
about and it I didn't understand why but
I went down I walked into the room and I
knew why because in the room was maybe
the most famous venusian Planet
scientist that ever lived and he said
that once this story were told you
billions and billions of people would
think it was a great thing the NSA had
done it Carl San was sitting in the room
no way yeah SE was wait this is
crazy office office so what did they
figure out they figured out that the the
Transmissions that they got gave them
details on the clouds that were in the
atmosphere that they never thought they
were going to get cuz they never
intended it to go that deep but so these
the data frames coming back were telling
them the data collected by the
scientific fishs on board and Sean
learned how it happened and how it was
done and who did what in that meeting
wow so it's clear that Sean was somehow
like super deep I always thought he was
deep on the inside cuz I I don't mind
telling he's he's p i don't mind he had
a contractor green badge with a picture
on it you you don't get that if you're
casual he did not have a casual
relationship you think he was in he had
to have to have that badge he a
consultant well he he had a top secret
clearance for sure uh in the I believe
uh early 70s late 60s cuz he was or you
know it maybe a little before that but
he was he was working with the Air Force
and um it was a project called a119 and
they were considering new the moon as a
show of force against the Soviets and he
was like the main consultant on that and
it was interesting too he grew up very
interested in UFOs he would write about
in his Diaries he would debate his
mentor an astronomer he would constantly
say you know I think this needs you know
more Credence and people we should we
should look into this and then boom he
just flips into being this dogmatic
anti- I believe I believe without
knowing it's a fact there's my belief he
bumped up against the program and was
told he needed changes to he must have
because then he he had a contractor
badge for the National Security Agency
well he also goes on to you know rate
contact in pale blue dot and if you if
you if you watch contact that you know
and you're into
UFOs it's very discl it's dis it's
disclosure through fiction in a way
that's palatable for for
people and then if you think about the
book The Demon Haunted World which
ironically is sort of I think it's has a
blurred by like you know Richard Dawkins
or something and you know the demons are
supposed to be like you know um
fundamentalist or like overly zealous
thoughts that humans have but in fact
just you take the demon Haunted World as
this sort of like double on Tandra and
maybe that represents Sean's worldview a
lot more and he just believes in the UFO
thing yeah I
I I don't have direct knowledge but kind
of nothing else makes sense so you're
probably you know I was talking with
Jack ear
and one of the reasons we were so
excited to have you on is that you're
probably one of the deepest people when
it comes to really trying to discover
kind of ontological Truth in the UFO
question and so uh yeah do you have a
working Theory as to how these UFOs fly
where they're from that sort of thing so
so I'm into the physics and I'm pursuing
the physics y but I did not do physics
all my life as my uh advocation
so I am relearning physics consuming it
rapidly learning from people who tweak
my interest like Eric Weinstein and uh
uh the people at working at wol from Etc
and uh pise and sarfati and all these
but they have one thing in common every
single one of them is trying to figure
out some some
manipulation of the stress energy
tensor in Einstein's field equations
that when you fiddle with this over here
that goes into the Machinery that goes
on this side of the equation and you get
manipulation of gravity out of it all of
them are doing that that's amazing all
of them it's all be that's what they're
doing so the question is how do you
manipulate that that's a good that's a
good because can I just set it up for
the audience yeah I it's prosaically
understood even in conventional physics
that the stress energy tensor in
Einstein's field equations which govern
you know general relativity should
theoretically affect gravity but you
need uh you know energy so high that we
just can't produce in like you know
normal praic means or whatever with
through electromagnetism or any other
way and so do you think that there's an
engineering mechanism to amplify energy
to that extent here here is and here is
circumstantial evidence that it's been
done your recent interview was with p y
I didn't believe a word he said for a
year yep just didn't believe it at all
so I haven't seen your interview but I
began to believe it when I figured out
on my own that all of these people were
working on the same stuff I'm in the
private Email exchange that jaxer F
conducts while he's doing his work every
day and he keeps insisting that there's
a low power power version of
manipulating the stress energy tensor
that will give you the necessary things
on the output of the equation his his
idea is manipulating the speed of light
so that it's much slower and so it's
more easily attainable and other things
so so
the so here's what I think is going on P
pce says that if you can manipulate the
quantum vacuum you can trap it between
two metal plates and get some energy out
or put a huge electromagnetic field in a
tiny tiny place so there's a huge
gradient you and the universe is
constantly constantly creating out of
magical ma magical mathematics and the
Heisenberg uncertainty principle virtual
particles so you care about can I take
can I take that vacuum with its particle
and do anything useful with it P has
said I can subject the vacuum to
tremendous electromagnetic fields and in
so doing take virtual particles pull
them out and make them real particles
and create exotic matter that will now
be useful to to bend space and time so
you can take his little piece of magic
back here which is using
electromagnetism yeah
and make a warp drive out of it now what
P does not do in his patents so we're
now we're having to do inference under
the assumption that the patents are real
and true that what's been done is
figured out something about manipulating
of the V manipulation of the vacuum that
we don't know a lot about yet but p
has panded it with the
Navy's bulldozer they ordered the patent
office do you have any ideas as to how
you might engineer that sort of level
what yeah I'll tell you what I'm going
to guess because I don't know I don't
know but I'm going to guess they gave
him some crash material and he figured
out how they write down the equations
for it really and it's a strong case
because there are three patn that are
all really compelling on their own but
they don't work on them do you glue them
together they need each other they need
each other this this piece this produces
the input this takes the input and does
something with it you need all of that
for it to work the only thing that makes
sense to me is the Navy wanted it worked
on they took it into a lab where our P
worked and he figured out how to make it
work and why would the Navy care I tell
you why the Navy would care I'll tell
you exactly why because the Chinese care
and the Navy is the military entity that
will take on the Chinese if they started
acting ugly over Taiwan Etc they want an
advantage over the tin the Chinese pla
Fess Liberation Army and we know for a
fact they are working on reverse
engineering they have down craft we know
it can can what's your Smoking Gun that
the Chinese have a program cuz this is
always something that you know you hear
and I've heard it from a lot of very
credible people but I don't hear a lot
of first principls like you know this is
where there is a ton of evidence all
over the place that they are inundated
by uh uaps that shutting down Air Force
and people are putting it up on telegram
you can see it and I guarantee you the
Chinese are shooting stuff down the
Chinese famously of course appropriate
IP from other developed countries
particularly in a space and defense
what's your sense of whether they got
their first start by siphoning off of
our program versus their own crash
aeval
uh my opinion is that in order to
prevent accidental intercontinental
ballistic missile exchange we revealed
some things to both the former Soviet
Union and
China and you can see that we did this
in the Nixon
brf treaty yep 1971 it's written the the
the red Phone Red phone was invented to
stop UFOs from starting thermonuclear
war yeah yeah it's it's wild it's just
hidden in plain sight literally in the
1971 salt talks it's like we want to
make sure that the Soviets don't uh
mistake these unknowns in their airspace
for acts of American aggression and it's
would be a huge part of dayon and it's
literally written in so to to but we
don't have we don't have a treaty with
China but to think we would not want the
same protections is foolish and we know
for a fact because of the balloon
causing A disruption that we have a red
phone to China because the Secretary of
Defense and the chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff Millie said that they
pick up the phone they call their
equivalence and the people's Liberation
Army and that's what the red phone was
for from the beginning to stop mistakes
from being made deconfliction line
deconfliction line we have deconfliction
lines we we've even seen deconfliction
lines work in current events so the the
Russians through their
proxies uh proxy militias attacked a
bunch of Americans in Syria and we
called them on the deconfliction line of
course they denied their existence or
having anything to do with them so they
fired some stuff that our Marines and
other people that were with them and we
called in the Armada and we wasted all
of them in Hellfire for about 15 minutes
until there was nothing left so we know
the deconfliction still exist and we've
seen America act on things but only
after deconfliction is done and if their
people are being attacked and they go
through the process of deconfliction
before they will defend their people you
know it has to be it has to exist for
protection against inadvertent Insanity
it's still just this crazy black box as
with all Chinese Politics as to how much
progress they've made where they're at
you know well the F the first thing you
know is the government of the United
States will constantly work to gain
access through any means human technical
whatever on what it is the Chinese are
doing
so let's suppose we get an inkling
through a leak or far we get a break and
we get some kind of intelligence that
says they're doing this over here and so
this can only be this and you see and
and they they inadvertently display a
saucer into our overhead satellite
systems I mean just people make mistakes
oh yeah the number one source of
intelligence is human fall ability yep
totally the number one source 99% of
intelligence is open source or human
fallibility it's a really crazy sort of
topic you have all these figures pop up
also when it comes to kind of you know
secret science that Jack and I have
spoken about so you have towns and brown
Tesla uh ning Lee Eugene plof uh you
know I can name a ton of these people
Miguel
albieri do you think once you take the
governor so to speak off of physics you
end up with kind of like a plethora of
like really exciting warp drive fast
than light you know em drive options I
think there will be a ton of work done
but I think the
way I think the government wants to
protect both the people their
reputations and the institutions that
have done things and that that they
don't want no and would harm the
institutions and the people if it were
to become known so the thing I would
expect the government to do is as quote
disclosure gets going and we learn that
Antigravity and propulsion propulsion
are being worked on that suddenly some
people will be allowed to do it without
being stomped on in in corporate me
corporate startup and whatever that has
to be the case because assuming that
Russia and China have this stuff if the
average talented stem student in America
isn't aware of any of these Frameworks
then we're at a massive disadvantage
yeah so let's close off what we were
started before I want to finish the
thought yeah the Navy would have P do it
if they wanted uh exotic propulsion so
they'd have a massive advantage over the
Chinese because they are going to be
fighting in the Chinese pond with their
Navy and they the Chinese are going to
throw everything they can at the Navy
yeah or or the P they want or it's like
a limited hangout where it's like we're
going to give you you know it's like the
cicada thing where it's like we're going
to give you a little bit of info if
you're smart enough you can figure out
the info and then you get initiated into
the the program yeah and I think that's
probably what's going on here because
you know I've become this amateur
historian of towns and brown he went to
Heyman Rick over who was head of the
Nuclear Navy I think in the late 50s
early 60s and he was like look I'm
working on this these I'm getting all
these crazy gravitational effects and
johon brown had been in Navy Seaman
actually you know decades earlier and uh
hman rickover goes oh uh don't waste
your time we're already on it like we
know all about this and so you know it's
pretty clear and I I'm you know in touch
with some Navy special Warfare guys as
well and like I think the Navy knows a
lot about this stuff I think they're
very on on top of it so it's like how
would you let the cat out of the bag
without um you know tipping your hat off
to your adversary but how would you let
certain stem students who are qualified
in America no and you might come out
with these three disparate patents that
you can piece together if you're
qualified enough I think
that the the changing milu for
educational institutions and what people
choose to go into has been changed
dramatically by modern society people
don't go into those fields and
sufficient numbers for us to get the
talent we need to do this in a major way
given that it cost so much to go to a
university that people want to have a
high income job when they get out uh so
they can pay back their loans quickly
it's just a the the system is biasing
people away from doing what's necessary
to make a
big we we built the modern world because
our University system was the best there
is and we've hobbled it by making people
go on debt yeah it's hor it's horrible
horrible it feels like we're living in
late stage decadent capitalism or
something where the smartest people are
working on the dumbest things very best
mathematicians are going in finance yeah
surveying qu and I I know all these
young people out here who are they're
awesome they're really smart and they're
rationally playing casino games with
crypto they're like on salana investing
in meme coins and I I don't blame them
because that's the way you kind of you
know Le frog everybody else so way you
get the huge bump and meanwhile like you
know our our the world of Adams and
Engineering has completely stagnated
over the last 50 years and that's as far
as you know our national competitiveness
that's way more important Vector if so
so let's suppose uh I wanted to cover up
gravity so I see all this unbelievable
stuff that wheeler got started down down
in North Carolina with two
industrialists supporting him and all of
these people came to Wheeler re regening
gravitational research and his first
speaker was Richard man doing an
approximate quantization for uh with of
gravitational for as his talk he's and
it's a great model so long as it's not
super high energy physics or super
gravitational physics did it works it
simply works in the regime in which the
approximation Works Fineman did that for
wheeler and why why would fireman do it
for wheeler wheeler was fireman's
graduated advisor he wrote his PhD
thesis for wheeler do you think both
were associated with Aerospace for yes
okay so anyway but all these Aerospace
people for people who were working on
gravitation Etc would go to these
conferences and interact including towns
and brown and OU Whitney and Whitten and
those others and they got some place it
looks like and didn't just they went
they went dark yeah leis Whitney didn't
do anything else in gravitation and T
town of Brown went to work for the
military-industrial complex and never
published another thing about his work
and somebody started gaming up strin
Theory and the government threw money at
it so money is what causes research to
happen why because it's publisher parish
and you got to have money to do the
research how did the government throw
money at National Science Foundation
funding Department of Defense direct
funding DARPA funding Etc do you think
string theory itself is sort of a
limited hangout for more real physics
that no I think string theory is they
know it's wrong and it's aiming them
away by quote bribing all the people
into doing what they have to do anyway
which is do interesting work to get keep
there to get promotions have a you want
a vital core National Security you know
program like what you know why wouldn't
you why would you deflect why would you
why would you get all these of Secret
topologists in a room at a Blackboard in
the basement of loid somewhere or are
they no way yeah I think we had we had
enough stuff we've gotten from other
things that we used it to recreate what
could be done and we didn't care about
the all these stories about people
working on anti-gravity stuff and
getting stomped on and or their life
ended I I just think there are too many
of these things telling us they don't
want people to go down the route they
were going in the
1950s well it's really fascinating
history because the establishment of
quantum gravity which led to string
theory was in 1957 at the UNC North
Carolina Chapel Hill conference headed
up by AG bonson you had uh Lewis Whitten
there from uh Martin Corporation
pre-lock merger you know from their
anti-gravity division raas the whole
thing is sponsored by right a field
right and then AG bonson simultaneous to
doing this kind of top theoretical
physics conference is uh funding towns
and brown and so there's this question
of like is towns and Brown doing the
vital stuff kind of in the back room
where they're doing the the more kind of
theoretical work and maybe you know
getting some things wrong or groping in
the dark and the one thing that Eric
Weinstein has pointed out about this
conference which I find fascinating is
who's an Austrian mathematician named
Herman Bondi yes Bondi yes Bondi asks
this really interesting question about
he goes what about what if you remove
the positivity conditions in Einstein's
field equations and don't you get all
sorts of weird anomalous effects in
physics that involve negative mass or
negative energy which is all you need to
manipulate the stress energy tensor so
you can warp SpaceTime there you go he
kind of gets like laughed out of the
room or marginalized or maybe he asked
the wrong question that was a little too
provocative for some of the you know
sponsors of the conference and then you
end up with you know Al kuer this you
know uh a Mexican physicist you know
from University of Mexico PhD um who
solves Einstein's equations for faster
than light travel and then you get Sunny
White who is a you know propulsions
engineer at Nasa who is working with
negative energy negative Mass when it
comes to faster than light travel and so
you really have to ask the question did
it all start with this these positivity
conditions this sort of Governor that
was placed on Einstein where if you take
the governor off
you get all sorts of really anomalous
interesting effects and maybe towns and
brown was doing this in the back room
here's here's what I lots and lots of
things in science are discovered
serendipitously and I think towns and
brown and others
accidentally uh excited the vacuum field
and got weird stuff out of it and solve
gravitational
anomalies once you once you see that you
can't go back once I saw a UFO I
couldn't go back y okay so it's just I I
believe these people saw and they were
determined to spend their lives figuring
it out well we talked about multiple
Tech trees in the physical phenomena the
non-physical phenomena what for you is
like the most convincing evidence that
there are multiple ways of doing this ah
in the okay so ALC a is one way but
that's not the only way the other way
is because he because of the amount of
negative energy required I believe with
sarfati is saying no no no no you you
can you can do fast for the light travel
with a battery and his his work is
totally different it's low energy uh go
has a has another uh scalar field
involved in his equations as his
modification to Einstein's field
equations I don't yet know of an
experiment that said sarfa is correct
except he's been on this problem for 50
years when he first claimed he had a UFO
or Ali non-human intelligence experience
he's been on it forever and he was one
of the the great young physicist out out
in California that was wound up being
amongst the hippies that saved physics
he is one of those guys and uh his
career has been very nontraditional but
he was a student up at Cornell with some
of the best he had a terrific education
and he is capable and he he's he's
erasable and hard to get him to explain
stuff for normal human beings to
understand I posted an 8 hour interview
with him and it was not enough time to
get to the heart of the issue right he
doesn't like me very much I I don't know
why but
you're not you're not a PhD scientist
that's what he say he said you're not a
physicist say phys he's a
snob I'm not trying to Jack is
hard-nosed scientific snob but he he
also feels he's been uh treated badly by
those who are in the mainstream of
physics he has some uniquely incisive
ideas absolutely it's kind of you know
he's over here on the the very low
energy plog side of things with with p
over here on the very high energy
swinger side of of yes yeah swingers who
a lot of people don't realize that
everybody knows that Fineman was
involved in Quantum electrodynamics but
schinger also won the Nobel Prize at the
same time as refinement and tominaga and
Swinger's version of quantum
electrodynamics is being used by pise in
the implementation of this stress energy
tenture manipulation to get the stuff we
need to do engineer through the next
step next patent into warping of
SpaceTime schwinger is brilliant he was
hard he was as hard to understand as
sarfati is he was very hard to
understand and the thing that changed
everything for doaga Fineman and swinger
and all the rest of physics is Freeman
Dyson existed he got in a car with
Fineman and they drove across the
country and for fan happened to be
driving from Cleveland to
Albuquerque and he offered to take me
for a ride just to see the country and
he talked about physics of course a
great deal and and and there I I argued
with him a lot because I still had
strong resistance to his way of doing
things and fireman had an inspiration
and wrote down on two pages showing the
equivalence of all three of their BS and
so Quantum electrodynamics was born
because Fineman rode across the country
with uh uh uh Freeman Dyson in his car
how do you think when you look at
Quantum
electrodynamics you know you have energy
in the quantum vacuum which is this
fascinating concept you have uh you know
anti you know particles and anti-
particles and it's just just like very
kind of trippy kind of ontologically
like you know when you when you learn a
little bit more about it
do you think it comports at all with the
UFO phenomena Quantum electrodynamics
yeah yes because it's it's the
application of quantum
electrodynamics to the vacuum that is
producing what's needed to make warp
drive
work one of many different paths but
it's it's it's got to be something like
that otherwise it's magic that we don't
even have the language to describe do
you think Einstein C is relevant in this
big picture yes because I think wait
real quick what is Einstein cart yeah so
about 15 years app general relativity in
French mathematici Eli Carden comes
around and Einstein had had equated the
the the torsional tensor he said it
symmetric and free space we going
nothing zero it out a Cardon was like
wait say it's not it's not zero and
matter you could have spin density
fields that are substantial enough to
add meaningful contributions and so this
was pursued by a number of different uh
there's H par Einstein Cardon Evans uh
if it was like d duffing Le's Associates
Dr Vargas Dr tour were into this and it
allows you to get electromagnetic
contributions to the spin density tensor
which then builds essentially like you
know curvature based gravitation warp
SpaceTime but here's what here's here's
here's the bottom line what this does
cartan's modifications is B given given
fertilizer to the following field I can
put interesting materials
in and around Quantum
electrodynamics things going on and I
get gravitational effects out through
this torsional tensor which inside those
materials does not zero out the way
Einstein assumed it would because he was
thinking of the vacuum so topological
insulators which you're very deep on
these areally totally these materials
it's there's a metamaterial involved
topological insulators is the kind of
thing where you've got to do some we
weird uh constitution of it so you get
you get uh weird squeezings so you trap
the right vacuum particles at the right
frequencies and then you manipulate them
out but the the material is what's doing
the squeezing that allows the quantum
vacum to give you something you can usee
so you got to have the material
otherwise you don't have the torsion
tensor being nonzero so what what's an
example of the topological insulator
then of these materials that seems to
you know when you do weird Quantum
electrodynamics high energy physics
around them they seem to exhibit
anomalous let me tell you how you know a
true scientist they say I don't know cuz
I'm not a material scientist but I'm
going to ask this guy over here because
he is bismuth and timoy
toride so this is what's so crazy is
when you say bismuth I think of the
Magnesium bismuth parts that uh Gary
Nolan has in his lab and I think of the
Magnesium bismuth that um Lewis Whitten
in front of a CR Lewis Whitten is
working at Martin corporation's
anti-gravity division he says that he
was contracted by right Airfield to work
on gravity and he said that there was a
guy named townzen who had a weird
isotope of bismuth that exhibited
anti-gravity properties and bismi shows
up in Townsen Browns papers as didn't
use the word topological insulator but
as a high K dialectric in his capacitor
experiments and so he's using high
energy and applying it to this insulator
and so that's fascinating bmth is an
inherently topological dopent to
different semiconductor materials so
when you have a lattice which can be a
met a metallic conductor or an insulator
or a semiconductor has this band gap
between the veence electrons the
conduction electrons in a conductor they
overlap there's no Gap in an insulator
they're quite far apart they don't jump
on their own with thermal energy and
semiconductor the very close top lotch
Bator is kind of a a warping of the
semiconductor definition in that that
band Gap can move and change if you
apply a b field if you warm it up if you
do different cool it down if you do
different things to it you can it could
be individual Quantum States the the van
Gap but the issue is you can apply an
external field and it stops being an
insulator and turns into something
special andum up turns into unobtanium
by any other means and what is that
something special involve as far as its
properties what can that for example the
right meta material with an external
magnetic on it might emit uh positive
and negative matter that you can drive
the war field with Wow and so with
negative Mass you could theoretically
affect uh kind of the the the quantum
vacuum and you could create a gradient
that you could sort of surf you could
surf SpaceTime itself is that kind of
right that's one that's one of the no
that's the alcb a notion you can have a
gradient that you can surf surf on
across space describes it as being
sucked into SpaceTime or into the vacuum
like you're slitting open an envelope
and it pulls you in it's kind of
interesting so fascinating but we're
we're at the beginning of the science
because it's been covered up and
unfunded for so long it's amazing I
think there's a convergence of that
science and Consciousness stuff the
Consciousness stuff is full of snake oil
and woow woo BS except except where
Donald Hoffman is well except for Donald
Hoffman and I think a lineage of what's
called parapsychology at Elite
universities midcentury where they're
studying basically random or
conventionally thought of as random
quantum mechanical effects like
radioactive isotope Decay and seeing
that there is an ability for the mind to
affect in a statistically significant
way you know the output of ones or zeros
on kind of a Graal
people people that that knee-jerk
reaction that that can't happen need to
go read the peer review
100 or so Papers written by Dean
Raiden demonstrating conclusively these
effects for real I I couldn't agree more
I one of my close mentors who couldn't
be more credible as far as like what he
does in the in the real world and I
think we're going to come out with an
interview sing uh was very involved in
the Princeton Paris psychology lab and
and their random event generator
experiments and I've hit him with every
single skeptical you know file drawer
issue survivorship bias pack you know
whatever and like he has great answers
for all of it and at a certain point you
have to be like well that can't exist
because I don't want it to exist and
actually there's something there that
was me I had to be converted to be
convinced that there's something here
but there's definitely something there
and I think the thing that is there the
physical possible model of Consciousness
would be if the Penrose thing is right
so if there's something in the brain
that can maintain Quantum coherence and
then it kind of you know uh decoheres
and then you see reality in this kind of
macroscopic relativistic way then you
sort of rendering reality in real time
as as you as you live it you render it
exactly you're it's and it's comports
fully with the wheeler Observer theory
of the universe model so if you are
responsible for the the rendering and
it's but that decoherence is going on in
your mind then
your ability to affect matter isn't like
you're like shooting particles out at
the material world it's you're affecting
the rendering of the material world if
that makes sense like you are the
interface it's going on inside the mind
so distance is not a
factor so distance is not a factor which
is all the quantum stuff it distance is
not distance and time are not a factor
you have temporal and spatial
non-locality you almost kind of need
something like this to get from to get
from here you need an effect that
appears to take place in a realm where
where distance is not a limiting factor
yes exact which and all the random event
generator experiments time and distance
don't matter right and it's so it's it's
really so how do you guys think if you
have on the one side you have kind of
Consciousness stuff and then on the
other side you have you know exotic
propulsion high energy physics do you
guys think they converge anywhere yeah
so I've been into the um work of Hoffman
now for three years yeah and he come up
with this model of Consciousness in uh
uh Challenge from um uh famous physicist
at
Princeton uh who told him I need you to
show me that your model of Consciousness
might be able to uh be based upon or
utilize what's called decorated
permutations because
they are involved in a physical object
called ampedrin which are relevant to
Modern current ongoing quantum physics
okay
so this is is a really interesting model
and toffen is brilliant at describing
how you get from this gigantic
collection of conscious
agents uh that are implemented in these
permutations that are decorated with
other information project down to each
of us individually so to to give us our
space-time rendering that's our uh
desktop that we view the universe
through but we all are derived from this
up here so his theory from the outset
requires a universal Consciousness pool
all right so that's interesting so then
over here you've got wol and his
with a brilliant physicist writing
papers in it who have taken hypergraphs
which are basically structures for
programs and so forth computational
structures and they have now worked out
in peer-reviewed papers how you can take
one of these hypergraphs and keep
twiddling it and working on until you
get down to O what I've got here is I've
built from code
the general theory of
relativity and you do it over here
slightly differently and you get down to
I've run this code and done all this
work and what came out of it is quantum
ve Theory so I asked the following
question is it ever going to be possible
to connect the information field that's
being manipulated by Consciousness to
all the stuff over here so I ask the
following technical question is very
technical
answer is there a mathematical
connection between decorated
permutations and
hypergraphs and I found a mapping
through certain permutations that
directly map from the decorated
permutations onto the components in the
hypergraph and that's my holy result so
far but it's the beginning of how you
marry
Consciousness if he has the right model
to physics if they have the right model
so for me it might be it might be String
Theory it might be something a goofy
crazy mathematician would do but it's
really enticing and I have this
mechanism written down and I'm writing
it up cuz I just last week that's
incredible yeah and he he described to
me on the train over and I was kind of
mind born we got to get you and him and
Pines in the same room to go over the
hyper gra connection because W yeah I'll
just I'll let you guys go was soup to me
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh Pines p
m Pines if you see me you're amazing
let's talk oh let's do it let's do we'll
do we'll do part three with all of us
yes that sounds like a blast well it'll
be this is but what what people are
seeing is this kind of conversation and
that kind of interaction yeah is how
scientists work together they have ideas
they bounce them off each other they
write them down they make mistakes they
correct each other they're hard on each
other they're supportive of each other
and in the end we get somewhere I don't
know that this is going to go anywhere
but I'm you you as when you're a
scientist in my case a mathematician and
you're working on something and you have
this notion and you sit down and all of
a sudden this
chill washes Over You You Feel The Surge
of adrenaline and you see your way
through and you write it down and you go
I have figured out the connection
between this and this and here's how we
do it it's just this most unreal thing
that happens to people in the moment of
Discovery that's amazing so what do you
think is happening overall CU it feels
like we were talking earlier when I
first saw you you're like things are
happening I was like I know things feel
like they're speeding up they really do
we just had hearings on the hill both in
the Congress and then this week in the
Senate uh you know this revelation of
this program called Immaculate
constellation we have a new director of
the all doain anomalous resolution
office um but even more broadly it just
feels like in the Zeitgeist aliens
that's that's to me that's to me the
important part Jesse is the zist has
changed sufficiently that it's it's okay
to discuss this and Bandy about ideas
about it without being afraid you're
going to be called a or crazy well
the the felt sense of it is like this is
and I feel it with the show too where
I'm like I'm going hard like traveling
everywhere and like like it feels like
things are about to blow up in this area
like the next year is going to be
extremely revelatory and that's really
like based on Instinct like you know
maybe I know more than the average
person as far as possible things coming
down the pike but it's really like like
this uh kind of intimation that uh big
things are happening and and real
Revelations are going to happen you know
when it comes to ontological truth maybe
again that's supported somewhat by the
new uh Administration say what you will
about it but it feels like there's if
they if if if the new Administration
will come in and release research funds
yeah to support the University faculty
and the students we will build a Cadre
of people that can move us down this
line
faster the how can they not it's like
how if if if you're aware of the the
reality of this stuff and you're aware
of the reality of science that's been
totally suppressed that is important for
the US to maintain its you know National
P you know International
privacy H how could you in your right
mind not you know just keep going with
this kind of cold war secrecy where like
nothing gets revealed I the the most
damaging thing to technological and
intellectual progress inside the United
States nearly hampered it into
non-existence is while we were doing all
this wild development of quantum
mechanics and general relativity nuclear
energy and so forth and so on we were
wide open we interacted with people all
over the world scientists got on boats
and travel to Europe people came from
Asia to interact conferences and they
shared stuff we've stopped doing
allowing that and people are trapped
with the inability to travel or interact
cuz they don't have the funds to do that
operation so support for this is the
only way we will make major
breakthroughs because we don't know who
like people are going to look at this
and they go who is this guy with a
purple shirt on for the southern accent
why does he do this because I was
allowed to take time to think about it
and listen to others who talked about it
and so I had an idea it may be useless
but I not I feel it's not but if that's
happening across all sorts of places who
knows who will walk into the room as a
young person about to learn something
and make a major contribution to this
and just change our entire universe well
it's a beautiful thing too because I
think the elite Citadel of you know
physicists or you know even philosophers
like Academia itself is going to be you
know proven to be kind of stale in this
new model where like this stuff exists
and so you're going to get these kind of
amateur experimentalist people who just
listen we don't have a choice earnestly
and we have to let them in and we have
to allow them to contribute because it's
this is it's a really interesting field
where if you're just early on it have
get instincts and earnestly you know
work at it I very much admire Eric
Weinstein's public public stance on the
disastrous things we have done to
intellectual development science uh
education Etc in the current environment
I hope people listen to him I hope
people listen to him too and uh I hope
we can maybe we can create some sort of
Institute outside of Academia that
allows uh for safe exfiltration of
science that has been suppressed
historically and stuck en lodged in
these compartments in government and
Aerospace and I think it's really
important if there's a way to do that
you don't want to tip your hat to the
adversary you know you don't want to
allow infinitely destructive Tech out
but the idea that science itself should
be St you know snapshot whatever we had
in 1957 is is the end of history when it
comes to science that's crazy and it's
and it's not even good from a national
security standpoint it's not good from
basically any any stand look new physics
new math new biology new chemistry from
that we're going to get new materials
new medicines new ideas new ways of
doing things and renew ourselves what we
need major ideas to figure out how to
undo the damage we're doing to our
environment overuse over consumption
this the the the re the recovery of
materials in in an energy efficient
manner uh but you need serious research
you need it to be sexy to get into the
technical Fields again he and but I got
to tell you the Hume Center was funded
by science and technology guy from CIA
named Ted Hugh and his wife Ted was left
CIA started a company did well sold it
to kinetic and plowed some of the money
back into the center and the goal for
the center was talk young people into
doing technical science and engineering
Etc and be willing to think about doing
it for the government in the
intelligence Community Department of
Defense Etc and he put his money where
his mouth was and so what we did was we
got kids to work
on problems of the the government wanted
solved by carving off pieces that would
be attractive to them that were totally
unclassified could be used for PhD
thesis Master thesis senior projects Etc
while at the same time introducing them
to the other side of the equation and
some of them would go all the way and
they would get a security clearance they
would get a summer job and they wound up
leaving school not with full 20 years of
debt but with money in their pocket and
they went in and to a large extent
stayed in because they did not need to
worry about where the next bill was
going to get paid from and so it's a
it's a concept which can be done over
and over again if we just decide to do
it it's a Timeless concept whether it
was The Institute of advanced studies
which was formed um by Abra flexner who
wrote you know a great paper which kind
of was the uh the opice under which it
operated which you know was the the
usefulness of useless things you know
let's fund Evergreen kind of put tons of
money into longtime Horizon you know
yeah there's a great book actually
called Leisure as the basis of culture
and I think uh you know the it talks
about the root of the word school is uh
the Greek skole which actually double
it's a double meaning it means Leisure
and it's actually come to be associated
with the the Latin Scala which means
ladder and so actually like Academia
should be this leisurely contemplation
of the world where you shouldn't be
worried about where your next paycheck
is coming from and it's just turned into
this kind of you know hyper Rat Race uh
where we're we're scurrying over one
another it publish or Parish you know
whatever um and so yeah something like
this or Bell Labs which is you know
hybrid you know private but also Public
Funding uh where you're putting tons of
money into new science and Innovation
seems like it would be necessary and the
on investment how can it not be good
because when we've
unleashed the human intellectual
capacity to operate freely we have never
lost well out in Bell Labs you got the
semiconductor and that is responsible
for like a third of our modern economy
and you could say oh that could have
been happened in a private Venture
Capital context like no it couldn't like
you needed way too much money to make
that thing work and so the government
funding thing is incredibly important
and that I hope that does get vitalized
Elon Musk is completely and utterly
destroying the old way of going to space
and giving us a new way of going to
space and he did it because he first
bootstrapped his way to money then he
turned his ideas and put his entire
Fortune at risk bringing a SpaceX but so
that isn't the only model it'll work but
the gist of it freeing people to do what
they can do so that their minds are
engaged and they're not worried all the
time we will see magic happen come out
of it I agree and I think hopefully you
know Elon I think he's been walking back
his dogmatism around you know uh
basically like chemical combustion being
the only way when it comes to space
travel and so I hope he becomes open to
this because he's obviously you know
America's Chief industrialist he's
incredibly important for anything we do
on the Science and Tech front and when
he focuses on a thing it seems to just
happen and so I I hope he he uh shifts
his Focus towards you know more exotic
science like this because it would seem
to be you know right up his alley given
you know his overall modus operandi and
life well in the old in agile structures
are not working for this problem set so
he is pretty much the perfect example of
wiping away the old structures with new
azro structures couldn't agree all
because he got angry when the Russians
wouldn't sell him a rocket exactly he
wanted to put a garden on Mars and then
and then it's interesting he and Mike
Griffin because they were the they had
really made more progress in liquid fuel
rocket engines so he and Mike Griffin go
to Russia and they actually find the the
the rocket engines Mike Griffin Goes
forms you know later he formed space
force but he became the NASA admin and
um that he formed space act Elon Musk
and so it's this interesting sort of
tech transfer or something that happened
for that yeah they they had they owned
the engines for decades with the Rd 180
and those things they are fantastic
enges musk has left them in the dust why
do you think Elon Musk uh you know it's
been revealed that he's met with Putin a
bunch of times I found that very
interesting because I think you know
it's like he's providing Sterling
terminals to Ukraine and he sort of like
you know openly helping Ukraine right
when the war starts and then he meets
with Putin that is this inter same thing
where maybe the actions don't reflect
you know what you're so Elon Elon is
beyond important to the National
Security State and its needs for
overhead uh stuff by transporting their
stuff to space he's very important for
he has a bunch of National Security
Contracts so what this means is and he
can't be above the law so the following
is a fact if he's interacting with the
head of state prob an adversary he is
require ired to do reporting to his
security officer if he has not done
security reporting of all of this to his
security officer he is in violation of
the terms of his security clearance I'm
not saying any of this is true I'm
saying if it is true it's a real problem
well I bet I'm sure he was communicative
with his security officer and then that
beges the question you know maybe
politics isn't what it seems or
something you know it's like it's just
an interesting kind of question but okay
so we've gone into you know but I but I
don't know what it I don't know what
impact and haven't been told by any what
impact musk having the interaction with
Putin has had on anything I don't either
we got into some of the physics around
UFOs and aliens why do you think they're
here and what do you think they're
they're
doing H so I know a lot of experiencers
and I've talked to a lot of experiencers
and for whatever reason even though I
have an intelligence Community
background and I'm this you know Egghead
scientist they still seem to talk to me
and they have for a while so the
following seems to be their story not my
story but their story they're doing
freting experiments for reasons we don't
know maybe the government in secrecy
knows but the people who are being used
for these experiments don't know why
it's being being
done uh but it's interesting
the some are coming because they're
constantly telling the innocent and The
Young and the powerless to go out and
tell everybody who are not treating our
planet well so some are coming because
this place is magical the ecology and
the totally perfect conditions for life
they can't be like this everywhere I
believe life is in a lot of places I
don't believe there are many places that
are so suited to life as this is this
planet is and we need to take care of it
and I think a bunch of them that care
about all of this for here sampling our
life forms interacting trying to figure
out how it all worked how it was all put
together and they have the time and
capacity and resources to study the
problem for a long time cuz I think
they've been here for a long time have
you met an experience here that has
gotten an implant oh Lord yes and have
you so you've seen the implant my
girlfriend has two implants really one
of them is in her leg right next to her
femur and one of them is in her forehead
so she gets occasionally gets these
headaches she said I think this thing is
going on and it's inside her forehead so
I take so I guessed I made a guess I
said all right all right here's what I'm
going to do I'm going to get a
electromagnetic field sensor and I'm
going to put it next to her head and see
what happens and I have a video online
of me moving this field meter across her
head and watching that implant pul RF
Transmissions human bodies don't pulse
RF Transmissions that's terrifying
that's and it was coming right out of
her for have a video which I will show
you and share with you
left right oh oh right there right there
right there we found it that is crazy
wow and and so what does she think uh
the implant might be being used for I
think it's a geolocation and other
information transfer mechanism why else
would they do a digital burst coming out
of her farad so they're saying so look I
didn't believe these can I can I tell
you straight up I didn't believe these
stories at all about these implants and
them been new try until I rode the Pat
and formed the company that tells you
how they do it what do you mean hulky
360 is how the aliens would find these
beacons all over the planet wait what
the technology patan Hawkeye 360 is how
the aliens could track us across the
planet wait wait explain so you're
saying the tech the sensor Tech so you
have a company Hawkeye 360 that does the
master it does sensory analysis
satellites and space yes but it finds RF
emitters on the ground so if they have a
1.6 GHz emitter in your skull yeah the
satellites flying over your head can
locate that thing to a square meter
unbelievable so with Hawkeye 360 you
could geolocate your girlfriend forever
yeah and so you're saying that
presumably aliens have this Tech well
they're a thousand years or more ahead
of us so they have the tech were you
able to glean much from what the meter
was saying about the it was a pulse yeah
it was it was strobing so it was pulsy
so to me as a Communications
engineer that's what I did for Federated
Wireless is is it's a digital
communication system I have not taken
the time I what already say people going
to go why haven't you cuz I've been busy
we're taking the time to figure out what
the transmission is how it's digitally
modulated what is the encoding of the
data so I can try to figure out what it
is they're transmitting but if they' if
they've done it right they've got it
encrypted and I'll never break the
encryption what's what's this that's
crazy what what's the most insane
mind-blowing ontologically shocking
thing you've experienced in all of your
inquiries into UFOs and
aliens so okay so I've put up a bunch of
sensors around my house especially after
I visited okay the most ontologically
upsetting transformative event in my
life
was becoming curious about Chris bledo
and going to visit him spent days with
him and and we had many experiences tell
me about that cuz I just met Chris bledo
in DC and I definitely felt like uh
there's an interesting energy there for
sure and for the the audience Chris
bleda wrote a book called UFO of God and
he is this very interesting guy who he
claimed to see the the lady quote
unquote this like Divine figure who he
speaks to once a year he gets prophecies
from this woman all of this you could
easily write off is total quackery if
the lady wasn't in all sorts of uh you
know uh wasn't all throughout NASA and
other sort of you know uh interesting
agencies when it comes to you know uh
her being depicted and then a very high
up person at the CIA Jim semivan
visiting Crest bledo right after he gets
his sort of prophecies and taking a deep
interest in him along with Tim Taylor
who is a NASA Mission controller it
seems like there's a way in which the
information that Chris bledo is getting
is comporting with sensitive information
that the government actually has and so
that's why people are so interested in
what he's sort of saying so yeah what
okay so I began to see all sorts of
stuff I told you about earlier photos
and other things that said UAP are here
yeah so I grew curious yeah and and this
is these are photos that you saw just
through friends in the kind of classifi
would say have you seen this Bob I went
no I haven't seen it wow well I don't
know about that so thank you for showing
it to me but anyway so because I don't
have they did not have the right to
transfer it to me but I just quote
happened to see it as I was passing by
and they might have said look anyway so
so
I became curious because it heated up
something was obviously happening inside
the government and because there were I
knew there were meetings going on but I
was not privy to them but I saw some
drippy so I became curious so the person
that I decided could teach me about all
these UFO nuts was Richard Dolan who
wrote two volumes on UFOs and the
National Security stake I am a denisen
of the National Security State so I fig
okay I'll go to this guy and figure
stuff out so I built a working
relationship with Richard read his books
and then he interviewed Chris fledo in
four onh hour segments and by the end of
it I was done I had to go visit I'm in
blackburg Virginia Chris is over in
North Carolina he's two hours for me so
I wrote him and said Chris I'm a
scientist I'm uh also work for the
government doing work and so forth and
I'm very interested in the things that
are happening to you I might even be
able to help you with some sensors that
help you provide more evidence it's
actually occurring so he was silent for
weeks and then he said hey Bob thank you
for your offer I've decided you can come
over so I went over and I stayed four
days three days it rained the fourth day
we had a clear night so for 3 days he
told me every secret thing that's
happened to him it's it's unreal all
that stuff in the book and more he told
me while I was in his home visiting with
his family and so on the last night it
was clear he says it's going to be clear
tonight we can do Sky observing and I
saw this look come over his face it was
like he was
entrance and communicating with whatever
his entrance state was and he says okay
we should go outside so we went outside
we stood for a minute and there were
these little things that were going off
like flash boms in the skies and in the
trees and I C what in the heck is that
but my brain was going that's an
electromagnetic pulse I bet I could
detect that my mind was going but he I
was totally engaged in focus and then
all of a
sudden right above the trees about 3 or
400 m away this thing flashed into
existence it was a massive
orb very bright and it waxed and waned
in
brightness colors and Roy floated across
the sky was not moving linearly it was
doing curved and zigo zags and went over
the sky and it slowly faded out as it
went over I went
whoa so uh he said to called him told
his son Ryan to come out Ryan bled so so
Ryan came out and as soon as Ryan got
out there and boom another one right
over our heads 40 ft in diameter very
bright floated across the sky and all of
us enjoyed it until it was gone so Ryan
was so excited he got video of this
thing flying over our head and ran in to
show it to the the the people with me
and with the bledo family that he had
seen one of these things with me and it
was clearly good that I saw it cuz I was
a scientist and I could say it was real
that's really why they wanted me there
is I could say as a scientist I saw this
and it's real fob here to tell you I saw
it and it was real so we sat there and I
began to notice
this
purple ARA that looked like purple glowy
smoke right above the Treetops and just
slowly but surely brightened and it
finally got to this place where it was
visible and I say you know Chris I'm
seeing something he says yeah can kind
of feel it and all of a sudden it
disappeared just all of a sudden like
somebody turned the light switch off and
without missing a beat Chris said okay
they're gone now and we can go
inside I went
whoa that's telepathy or something it
says that's just wild so we went
inside we finished our
visit pleasantries hubs all other stuff
and I went home and they followed me
home well like almost everyone who has a
serious experience with him they follow
you home
whoa F I saw them regularly things will
show up in my yard I had this video of a
triangle of orbs going up and down
making sure my security camera got it
and I wondered if they were bugs which
is naturally what you think is the IR is
Illuminating bugs so I decided to turn
the security camera on Long record go
out through the car Fort and come around
and see and I went out through the car
for it came around the corner and I
could see them with my naked eye it had
nothing to do with the IR and they were
just sitting there doing this on a
triangle and as I turned around the
corner they took off and went straight
up wow okay so uh you will find that I
am the next to
last incident in his book UFO of God
okay and he told me while I was
there that Jim sovan said oh yeah you
should let Bob in this should be
interesting so Jim siman opened the door
for me
interesting that's so wild so what do
you think why do you think somebody who
is so high up at the CIA like Jim semian
seems like a really smart awesome guy uh
like why would he be interested in Chris
bled so because like yeah what do you
think he Jim has now talked publicly so
I don't mind saying he had experiences
of entities in his room with with his
wife and they were not pleasant
experiences yeah so that traumatized him
and his wife and so he became interested
in finding out answers and then he heard
about Chris blo and knew
enough
uh traditional texts in Latin Roman
Greek whatever to show this lady stuff
is real it's in the church and so forth
what is do you have a sense of what the
lady stuff is because I believe part of
the Chris bledo prophecy is that Easter
of cuz he see he sees uh her every
Easter he goes out to this one little
place next to his property and in toster
and I he I think it's something like
Easter of 2026 we're going to have some
important event happen do you know about
this so and I have a real story to tell
about that too okay he
sees
a missiles being
fired at the country of
Iran while he is observing the event
including some astronomical events that
are in Sky over the top of the pyramids
at
daa from the astronomical
event astronomers have calculated that
date okay so he doesn't know whether it
was a
or he was transported in time but the
entities intervene to stop the bombs
from Landing wow that's what he sees now
how do I know that anyone takes any of
this
seriously here's how I
know Grant Cameron visited who's a
well-known UFO person yep uh WR written
many books on the experience of the
phenomenon and so forth he went and
visited
Chris and Chris shared a picture with
him that Grant put up on his Facebook
page so I saw the picture and everyone
who had seen that picture missed the
import of it and how what is the import
of that
picture it's a napkin and an envelope
with a napkin partially obscuring the
address that's on the envelope I knew
the address because it was the address
of Chris
bledo I knew the napkin because it was
the presidential seal on a napkin from
Camp David there's only one way you can
have that napkin cuz it's a crime to
copy the presidential seal there's only
one person that can get you to Camp
David and the picture was mailed to him
by Tim Taylor by Tim Taylor and the only
person at that story can have been told
to in that envelope was Barack
Obama oh my God the letter to me is
Ironclad proof that Chris's story was
taken all the way to Barack Obama via
Tim Taylor
yes what yeah so this is crazy and
you're sure that that se you can't copy
it the Secret Service and O will come
and get you oh my God and then Grant and
others have not been slapped around for
doing it so the napkin was legit and
whoa so this brings up all sorts of
question now you know why I'm a good
intelligence agent just from looking at
the picture I put that entire n that's
really impr that's the kind of stuff I
used to do well well Tim Taylor to me is
the like people is like who who's the
number one person you want to interview
like Elon Musk I'm like I love Elon but
like I he'll never give an interview Tim
Taylor he'll never I met him once
briefly but I I he's kind of gone dark
on me and I would do anything he's my
number one person who I want to speak
with because he's so intriguing I got
him to talk to me for about 10 minutes
yeah because says Tim you know I have
good friends with Chris blitz so I went
over to his house this and other and we
interacted for 10 minutes and he quickly
moved on and from that on I was like I
didn't exist so what's what what's his
deal who what is he trying to do because
just for context for the audience
this is a guy who uh shows up in Diana
pula's life when she's connecting the
dots between Catholic concepts of divine
interactions with modern ufology and she
shows Diana all sorts of interesting
things they go to the Vatican together
at the Vatican Observatory they know who
Tim Taylor is and they led him into the
Vatican archives without her presence
without without an escort without an
escort he's a guy who's I guess she
claims that he flashed all sorts of
interesting you know three-letter
credentials like all of them as if he
was sort of and then Ryan bledo Chris
bled so's son says that uh Tim Taylor
was part of it told them that he was
part of a a a secret time Travel Group
in Nassau in the Bahamas and Townsen
Brown was the president of that time
Travel Group I would think all of this
were to be totally insane I'd write it
off completely out of hand but I know
that towns and brown spent a lot of time
in the Bahamas and he experimented with
gravity but he was secretly extremely
interested in time travel because time
and gravity are really coupled in
general relativity so who is Tim filler
why does he keep popping up in all these
places your time access is not my time
AIS because whatever gravitational
differences are there are between
us your warp SpaceTime so that your time
is not my time you okay but that what
does that have to do with Tim Taylor
it's just it's just so interesting that
all this gravitation Stuff shows and and
gates gates is a famous physicist who
has shown how general relativity allows
for the transmission of information back
in time J gr does yeah how does it I
didn't because isn't there the Hawking
chronological conjecture or whatever how
yeah how I believe I so I think that
there's a certain sensorship you can't
do certain things if they violate
certain conditions but sending something
back that's just
information uh doesn't necessarily
violate any of those restrictions and so
Gates has written down how you get time
travel backwards out of a general
relativity I don't think others have I
think I think people have already worked
out through numerical
simulation how you could use black hole
gravitational curvature to travel
through time there's the traversible
wormholes there's the idea that you can
reverse Cubit positions and Quantum
computations so it actually makes
probably even more sense that you could
send info back in time using quantum
mechanics but all of this is interesting
but like what about Tim Taylor Tim
Taylor is a NASA Mission controller who
has access to the president of the
United States and done miraculous work
in uh uh Orthopedic um uh instruments
thex biotechnology it's
it made $100 million on it so so who so
who is he I don't know the answer
because how are you a Nas Mission
controller a biotch entrepreneur you're
telling Diana pela you're part of a
secret space program and you're getting
sort of orders on high from places that
like even your your you know immediate
superiors don't understand that you're
part of a secret space program don't
have three letters yeah he's he he works
full of the hammer that's the story and
no one that I know knows who the hammer
is so the hammer is the like ineffable
entity that I don't know I don't even
know if it's human I don't know if it's
nhi I don't know what it is except he
told bled so he works for the hammer and
does bledo like Tim Taylor or what's
what's yeah I I I think that the
relationship has grown more distant
they're not really good friends that
much anymore but they were friendly and
the story that I like most is Tim Taylor
brought a piece of the Roswell crash put
it in Chris's hand and others in the
family and Chris showed an enormous
unexpected reaction and
Taylor's response to Chris being
impacted so heavily by this UFO material
was why you I don't understand why
you and they they tell that story all
the time why you like in a suspicious
way why you why you in a curious way way
not negative just curious and and his
son his son as well right his little the
connection
there there are there are there are
multiple members of that family that
have really unique abilities I got to
get out there yeah we had a good
interaction yeah yeah we should go down
I'm supposed to go down and do show him
some new cameras when are you going I'll
let you know so we'll just go together
and maybe even video it field trip field
trip I love it is there anything else we
should we should cover that you know you
think is worth bringing up
or if I'm 70 years old and I have life
full of experiences that are weird so I
I can't think you anything except I'm
going to keep working on this
UAP based science yeah uh I am having to
learn re learn and relearn stuff but I'm
making progress ress and but it's not
like I don't have any abilities I took
quantum mechanics and uh differential
geometry and relativity when I was in
college and did well and then when I
went to Brown I took Quantum field
Theory from Leon Cooper who gave us the
explanation for super conductivity and
won the Nobel for it so it's I'm I'm
prepared I'm prepared I need to re
my abilities relearn the current
work anything the audience can do to
help you or just follow you on Twitter
follow me on Twitter what's your Twitter
handle um sign of Bob Maguire spelled
MCG wi i
rcore m4h y whether that's my amateur
radio call sign so Bob Maguire inf4 Y is
me on X Bob it's been an honor and a
pleasure it's been a lot of fun and uh
excited to see what you do in all your
new scientific Endeavors and hopefully
we can uh go to the blood SE with you
and uh the journey continues let's do it